so how would you feel
going to the mountains of Christmas with
Christ she really wants to get to know
you guys that's our mom's hat Wow okay I
don't want to leave you here with the
kids if you're not feeling okay yeah I'm
feeling fine it was my idea and it's a
couple days I can do a couple days
okay guys I'm off fun what is that
that's right everyone committed suicide
a supplier repent and you will find
salvage things are very uncomfortable
opportunist we're stuck in a house
together what is this
the power's out where are my things it
makes no sense what I heard something
hello did you do that you didn't do
anything we're leaving
what are you talking about look outside
we're stuck here
[Music]
trust me
you have nothing to be scared about
[Music]